one day Thomas was at the junction when
Gordon shuffled in with some freight
cars ya remark Thomas what a funny smell
can you smell a smell I can't smell a
smell said it a funny musty sort of
smell said Thomas no one noticed until
you did grunted Gordon it must be yours
not long ago he had fallen into a dirty
ditch Thomas enjoyed teasing him about
it
Annie Clarabel do you know what I think
it is
it's ditch water before Gordon could
answer Thomas puffed away
annie and clarabel could hardly believe
their ears he's fully rude I feel quite
ashamed
I feel quite ashamed he's dreadful Bru
and to Thomas they said you mustn't be
rude you make us ashamed but Thomas
didn't care of it
[Music]
that was funny that was funny he
chuckled he felt very pleased with
himself
Annie and Clarabel were deeply shocked
they had great respect for Gordon the
big end
Thomas left the coaches at the station
and went off to a mine for some cars and
long ago miners digging for lead had
made tunnels under the ground their
roofs are strong enough to hold off cars
but not the weight of engines a large
notice warns them not to enter the area
danger engines must not pass this board
silly old board thought Thomas he had
often tried to pass it but had never
succeeded but this morning he had made a
plan the fireman went to throw the
switch now for my plan thought Thomas
bumping the cars fiercely he took his
driver off the footplate and followed
them into the scene come back yelled his
drivers
fire and smoke said Thomas I'm sunk and
he was oh dear he said I am a silly
engine and a very naughty one too
I saw you said Sir Topham Hatt please
get me out I won't do it again
I'm not sure we can't lift you out with
a crane the grounds not firm enough hmm
we see I wonder if Gordon could pull you
out yes sir
said Thomas but he didn't want to meet
Gordon just yet down mine is he left
Gordon what a joke
little Tomas will have you out in a
couple of bucks strong cables were
fastened between the two engines are you
ready he it was a lot harder than they
all thought last Thomas was free I'm
sorry I was cheeky said Thomas
that's all right Thomas you made me
laugh replied Gordon I'm in disgrace so
am i said Thomas
why so you are Thomas shall we form an
alliance you help me and I'll help you
right you are agreed Thomas good that's
settled rumbled Gordon and buffer to
buffer the Allies puffed home
[Applause]
[Music]